[DOCS] Editorial ILM cleanup (#57565)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/ilm/error-handling.asciidoc

[role="xpack"]
[testenv="basic"]
[[index-lifecycle-error-handling]]
== Resolve lifecycle policy execution errors

When {ilm-init} executes a lifecycle policy, it's possible for errors to occur
while performing the necessary index operations for a step. 
When this happens, {ilm-init} moves the index to an `ERROR` step. 

> This halts execution of the policy until you resolve the underlying
> issues with the policy, index, or cluster.

Author: ```suggestion
If {ilm-init] cannot resolve the error automatically, execution is halted  
until you resolve the underlying issues with the policy, index, or cluster.
```

  "indices" : {
    "myindex" : {
      "index" : "myindex",
      "managed" : true,                         
      "policy" : "shrink-index",                <1>
      "lifecycle_date_millis" : 1541717265865,
      "age": "5.1d",                            <2>
      "phase" : "warm",                         <3>
      "phase_time_millis" : 1541717272601,
      "action" : "shrink",                      <4>
      "action_time_millis" : 1541717272601,
      "step" : "ERROR",                         <5>
      "step_time_millis" : 1541717272688,
      "failed_step" : "shrink",                 <6>
      "step_info" : {
        "type" : "illegal_argument_exception",  <7>

>         "reason" : "the number of target shards [4] must be less that the number of source shards [2]" <8>

Reviewer: The associated number for this line (8) cannot be viewed unless you scroll the example. Is it worth adding a hard return after "...target shards" to wrap the line?
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25848033/83654440-20599380-a58b-11ea-91f4-fb41b4f43f42.png)

Author: Fixed.

--------------------------------------------------
// TESTRESPONSE[skip:no way to know if we will get this response immediately]

<1> The policy being used to manage the index: `shrink-index`
<2> The index age: 5.1 days
<3> The phase the index is currently in: `warm`
<4> The current action: `shrink`
<5> THe step the index is currently in: `ERROR`
<6> The step that failed to execute: `shrink`
<7> The type of error that occurred: `illegal_argument_exception`
<8> The error message that describes what went wrong
<9> The definition of the current phase from the `shrink-index` policy

> To resolve this, you could update the policy to shrink the index to a single shard after 5 days:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To resolve this issue, update the policy to shrink the index to a single shard after 5 days:
```

Author: I'm going to stet this one since it's one possible way to resolve the issue for this particular scenario.

// TEST[continued]

[discrete]
=== Retrying failed lifecycle policy steps

Once you fix the problem that put an index in the `ERROR` step, 

> you need to explicitly tell {ilm-init} to retry the step:

Author: ```suggestion
you might need to explicitly tell {ilm-init} to retry the step:
```

> you need to explicitly tell {ilm-init} to retry the step:

Author: Fixed.
